So let's look at the new HTP client angle or offer us now as a side note if you want to dive much deeper
into it.
Visit the official docks under a or thought I know docs and they're under fundamentals you should find
this.
HP declined article where you can dive super deep into it and go in some advanced topics though it will
cover quite a lot of the stuff you find here in this core section and you can always get to the AP documentation
and search for HTP here.
And then it's just common HTP section here which covers all the classes and types and interfaces connected
to the new HP Client.
However now you don't need to do that upfront.
Of course I will walk you through it and explain how it works and what you can do with it.
Let's close this for now.
Back in the project you can find attached to this video a version of this project which is just the
final word.
The one we optimized with various modules so we have the recipe module and our shared Marchal and all
that stuff.
So you can find an attached data to the latest version of Angel or at the point of time I'm recording
this because this HTP client isn't the way Lebel in Angola afforded.
Oh but it is available in the latest word.
So you can simply download the word and attached this video to get started quickly.
Now with that out of the way we get our base set up you know where to dive deeper if you want to.
Let's now dive into the HTP client and let's start by replacing our Ivor HTP methods.
We got your data storage service with didn't you HTP methods by this new HDB client.